1. Page 4 line 27 (footnote 3): The IEEE article does not imply either health or growth. It simply states the usage of the languages. If you are going to connect usage to health or growth, you will need an academic source to do so. http://spectrum.ieee.org/computing/software/the-2016-top-programming-languages
2. Section 2.2. is quite problematic the way it is structured now. First, the pronoun switch from He / She to Our/We is confusing here. You seem to be trying to summarize a different paper, then stating how this current paper is different. However, it is confusing. It might be better if you simply summarized the previous work, then in a separate paragraph, summarize the differences that your paper introduces. Or perhaps you could at least put some language like "However," or "In contrast..." or the like in order to more clearly signpost that you are contrasting your paper with this previous work. In addition, this section is problematic because you seem to be previewing your findings but without explaining them or providing evidence. For example, you state, "For example, Stack Overflow’s competitive environment creates an incentive to be the first to answer rather than improve other answers and participate in discussions." This is a very provocative statement and requires a lot of explanation and evidence. I would like to see this section re-structured.
3. Explain "until we reached saturation," on page 6 line 12.
4. Dates of the data set are confusing. First you state "To make the data sets comparable, we analyzed both datasets from September 2008 until December 2013" then later you state "we used the data dump file from September 2014, but updated the users table with the hashes taken from the September 2013 dump file for those IDs that were identical in both data sets." Can you clarify what is the purpose of the 2014 data? Furthermore, on page 8 you state, "We extended our analysis to include archival data from September 2008 up to September 2016 for both channels." If both were available up to 2016, why not just use that from the beginning? Please clarify what it is specifically about the data that is different between 2013 and 2016. (And address the 2014 discrepancy mentioned above as well.)
5. This is very vague: what does So-Slow do? "(1) To process the Stack Overflow data, we used a modified version of Sam Saffron’s application, So-Slow." (page 7)
6. Page 7, You discuss data preparation and data analysis but you seem to have skipped data storage. What format were the data sets in when you began analyzing them? A database? Text files? Spreadsheets?
7. Page 10 lines 4-8 are repetitive. In fact, the phrase "400 threads" is used three times on the top of page 10. And 4 other times at other points in the paper.
8. Column 1 in Table 3 needs to be reformatted. It is illegible the way the words are breaking now. 
9. Specify what "prop" is in Table 3. If it is a frequency, as described in the caption, why not use the abbreviation "freq"?
10. Page 13: give an example of this "messages used to call the attention of other community users"
11. Page 10: "We identified five main types of artifacts that capture knowledge: (1) Questions (2) Answers (3) Updates (4) Flags (5) Comments". Can you comment on how only 1 & 2 are native to both SO and mailing lists, and 3,4,5 are native only to SO and were "extended" by you into the mailing list milieu? These three are not natural things in mailing lists.
12. One person expressing a comment on one SO post is not enough evidence for a community norm, "However, this behavior is not encouraged by the community as it is deemed impolite13." (line 46, page 17) You need more evidence than this to state such a community norm. In addition, many people disagree (and many others agree) with Juan, as shown here: http://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/266053/is-it-ok-to-cross-post-a-question-between-non-stack-exchange-and-stack-exchange This seems to be a matter of opinion, and your paper should reference that.
13. Page 17 "as can be seen" three times (!) - twice in the paragraph and once in the caption for Fig 5. And once more on the top of page 18 in the caption for Fig6. 
14.  Figure 7 horizontal axis is the same as the title. 90 degree vertical labels are hard to read and unnecessary since you have plenty of space for them. Another "As can be seen". Missing a word: "Months do not have to consecutive." (be?)
15. Fig 10 title is messed up "lative accumulated contribution" - missing "Re" Another "As can be seen".
16. Fig 11 Another "As can be seen".
17. Verb tense agreement problems: "we reflect on the results presented in the previous section, distilling some themes from this work, relating them to relevant related research and pointing out possibilities for future work." (remove "-ing"?)
18. Explain how this "first post" incentive is greater than "editor" or other incentives: "creates an incentive to be the first to answer rather than improve and build on other answers". After all, Stack Overflow has dozens of badges, none of which are for "first post", and points are awarded for a variety of things.
19. Page 22, line 40: "On Stack Overflow, each participant contributed a solution without any evidence of collaboration with others." It's actually worse than that. If you look at the comment on the UN-chosen answer, the OP actually states that both answers worked, but he chooses one as correct and the other for a comment, with no reflection on why he did this! He signs the UN-chosen answer's comment with: "many thanks for your help, all! these did the trick. A" 
20. Page 23 line 14: "fell on the spectrum between independent (crowd-based) and in- terdependent" -- fell WHERE on the spectrum? That is meaningless as written.
21. Page 23 line 18: "i.e., clarifying the question, critiquing answers, revising answers, and extending answers)" ITYM "e.g."
22. Page 23: explain "gamification features, while highly effective, " explain why you think these are "highly effective" - for what? To make it a popular web site?
23. Page 23, line 37: "Stack Overflow’s participation rules only permit questions that have a clear answer, restricting topics discussed." Actually the topics are themselves restricted. The question, "When is the next release of R coming out?" has a clear answer, but would still be rejected, since it is not about the topic "Programming" which is what SO is supposed to be about. Any question, no matter how clear, that is not about this topic "programming" will be rejected.
24. Page 24 line 38: "have to be kept for posterity" (a) Posterity/longevity is not what the user is describing. The user is describing curation and formatting. (b) SO is a 3rd party web site and could disappear for any reason at any time. That is not "for posterity", it is actually the opposite of posterity.
25. Table 5 page 26: number the items to match the subsections following 5.2.1 etc
26. Consider more nuance to your 5.2.4 recommendations: 
   1. http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/8231/are-answers-that-just-contain-links-elsewhere-really-good-answers 
   2. http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/168903/what-does-links-to-jsfiddle-net-must-be-accompanied-by-code-mean
   3. http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/44440/is-it-okay-to-link-to-gist-code-pastes